you
[Music]
this is a Canon EOS D 1100 it is a DSLR
this is the camera we use for HD video
footage as well as photographs using
this camera to make video is incredibly
simple so let's start at the beginning
this is a battery there is one battery
per camera and it will last for a couple
of hours the battery lives inside this
compartment located on the underside of
the camera pop it in the only way it
fits with the arrow pointing inwards
next up is the SD card it can hold
roughly an hour of footage and it slots
in next to the battery the on switch is
here this camera has 14 different modes
selected using this wheel fortunately
only one of them is the video mode and
it's this one if you're not on video
mode you will just take pictures and
look like a fool don't do this press the
menu button to open up the camera menu
and make sure the sound recording is set
to on also move across to the right to
select format and press ok press ok
again to format the card this will make
sure you have a completely empty SD card
but it will wipe everything off of the
card so make sure you want to do this
press the menu button again to exit and
on what's this watch the screen or black
you better go and ask the technician but
he won't be happy just take the lens cap
off this switch is the auto a manual
focus switch to use auto focus hold this
button halfway down
[Music]
if you use manual focus which you really
should just turn the end of the lens to
focus in either mode to zoom twist the
large middle part the lens like this so
now you've got the camera turned on
focused and ready to go
great there are chord buttons on the
back here press once to start recording
and press it again to stop so now you
finish your film and you're ready to
edit return the camera to the technician
no wait
the technician wipes the card when you
return the camera so you need to copy
them onto a Mac first take the SD card
out of the camera and insert it into the
card reader on the side of the Mac you
should see little icon appear on the
right of the screen but ignore it for
now and open a new Finder window by
clicking on the blue face open the
student data hard drive in the list on
the left if it isn't there click on IT
supports iMac and then you should see it
once you're instituting data click on
the Settings button and make a new
folder type your name in and press Enter
these Mac's aren't part of the college
network so if you do any work on them
you have to use the same Mac again next
time double click on the SD card icon on
the right of the screen that will open
up a new Finder window double-click on
DCIM and then 100 Canon there are two
ways of selecting the videos in here
click on the top one hold shift and
click on the bottom one or just drag
select them all click and drag into your
folder if you hold on to the mass your
folder will pop up let go of the mouse
and it will copy them across this can
take a little while sometimes so be
patient
[Music]
before moving the SD card make sure you
click the eject button wait a few
moments and then the SD card will
disappear now you can remove it replace
the SD card into the camera and now you
can return the camera to the technician